6148 destructive search index rebuild (#6189)
ckan/ckan: doc/maintaining/cli.rst

 ckan -c |ckan.ini| search-index rebuild

> This default behaviour will clear and commit the index with thesame solr instance, and rebuild it with all datasets. If you want to rebuild it for only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This default behaviour will refresh the index keeping the existing indexed datasets and rebuild it with all datasets. If you want to rebuild it for only
```

 ckan -c |ckan.ini| search-index rebuild_fast

> There is also an option to clear the whole index and then rebuild it with all dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also an option to clear the whole index first and then rebuild it with all datasets:
```

.. parsed-literal::

>  ckan -c |ckan.ini| search-index rebuild -e --clear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ckan -c |ckan.ini| search-index rebuild --clear
```
